hello good here we are to do the
unboxing of a cover for the nexus 7
I have it half open
just take it out and show me well then here
this is the leather cnil kings
It is a cover type flip cover
and I bought it here in Spain to
friend one bites electro
from gijón
I tell you I bought this case because
the other one that I showed them flip
Well, I've broken up because
the other one is very bad and the cheap goes out
expensive let's go cheap either because it cost
twelve euros
and here we have it
it is very finite
coated in leather
this is public fiberglass
polycarbonate is polycarbonate
the interior is microfiber for
protect the screen and then it leads to
lemon here so that it goes out and it
turn on our nexus
I have a nexus here
let's put it
and it is already fit perfectly
and here we have it
as we can see it was very very
Elegant
it lights up perfectly
is that I have little brightness
here is off
it turns on
stop
although it is very rigid, it comes very
rigid the
the shovel the cover
the cover is very rigid
but it's because the leather so this
will have to kurt go it as if as is said
so that it ends up making its effect
a triangle and we have it standing
45 degrees super
Y
we have the same triangulito lying
it reflects a lot but all of this
screen that I have
and nothing is the fundita
costs 35 euros shipping costs
included but why is this is already a
Upper category cover
the other one that I taught was very bad,
party all this here all this is
has left had rajas in all the
corners around here around here and
around here and it also came with a defect
factory and I had to wait for all the
back and back to paste it for
that the lid will work and is therefore
good has a factory defect that is
that this does not stay stuck as we can
check
it's a design flaw because there's
many that are very similar to this
they have is a magnet filament here
and when you close it stays stuck but
well it's not that one goes with the
tablet like that on the street there's always
welcome as well or so or take it in the
backpack or take it some other
fused with other accessories but good
here is all very good quality
it works very well the ignition and the
off
and because in the kings it is very easy
because I bought a cover for
phone of this same brand
as you all know you have seen in the
in the video more than once
I have a one s
and the cover was this and the truth that I
it has come out very good is the best that I have
had
and gays because he does not have to leave the mobile
So, simple here because they have
is present and has been given
moment but let's go no point
comparison is milking
It is much more good
and that
esmil king
and before finishing the video mention to
that inside the box comes a protector
for nexus 7 with its
Microfiber cookie
and a sticker seems to be or something like that
and nothing we see in future reviews that
I will hang in a little greetings and goodbye